we
can see if we can see that everything is paid
are you her I don't think so you used about
this way you're not paying attention emoclew this is not
some games you mean we will we could easily die
out here listen to this town listen to your breathing
well don't you ever get tired of it Pokeno is
that what you want emo to go in life Kevin
Durant why now what do you see in your left
eye Dino well nothing really nothing at all really that
you ride what do you see if your right side
emo The Sting frog misanthrope it is it's I need
for the question emo emo emo why can't you see
the beauty of this place looks no problem I don't
see I don't see because there's nothing there and why
should I trust my life to something that isn't there
but can you tell me that has hurt me you
are a sick man stay away from me it's a
trap Gardens of Babylon not the right side you can
see it is sad I'm telling you it is it